[N07] Add docs about SIM swaps (#2956)
celo-org/celo-monorepo: packages/docs/celo-codebase/protocol/identity/README.md

Once Alice has completed attestations for their phone number/address, Bob, who has her phone number in his contact book, can see that Alice has an attested account address with her phone number. He can use that address to send funds to Alice, without her having to specifically communicate her address to Bob.

> The `Attestations` contract records all attestations of a phone number to any number of addresses. That for example could happen when a user loses their private key and wants to map a new wallet address. However, it could also happen through the collusion of a validator with Alice. Therefore, it is important that clients of the identity protocol highlight possible conflicting attestations. Attestations, albeit unlikely, can be added without the "legitimate" owner of the phone number, whether by a service provider, collusion with a validator or SIM swapping. Notably, completing "malicious" attestations does not lead to a loss of funds, as the private key is still the neccessary and sufficient condition for transactions of an account. In general, the more attestations an address has received, the more likely it is to map to the valid owner of a phone number based upon the existing trust assumptions for validators for consensus.

Reviewer: We have to be careful not to sounds dismissive of legitimate security concerns, especially because we will be encouraging users to identify each other via phone number and an average user will probably never directly check the number of attestations or the underlying address (although the app should have some checks that it can surface through the design)

I'd suggest we expand on the threat and consequence of each validator collusion and SIM swapping separately. Maybe something like this, but feel free to modify or reject this suggestion.
```suggestion
The `Attestations` contract records all attestations of a phone number to any number of addresses. That for example could happen when a user loses their private key and wants to map a new wallet address. However, it could also happen through the collusion of a validator with Alice. Therefore, it is important that clients of the identity protocol highlight possible conflicting attestations. 
Some risk exists for attestations to be added without the without the permission of the "legitimate" owner of the phone number. One such risk is that the phone service provider or [SIM swap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SIM_swap_scam) attacker could take control of the phone number and complete a number of attestations. Another risk is that a sufficient number of Attestation Service providers may collude to complete fake attestations. Notably, completing malicious attestations does not lead to a loss of funds, as the private key is still the necessary and sufficient condition for transactions of an account. However, without proper care, future senders may be tricked into sending funds to the newly associated address. In general, then number and age of attestations for an address, should be taken into account to identify the valid owner of a phone number.
```

Once Alice has completed attestations for their phone number/address, Bob, who has her phone number in his contact book, can see that Alice has an attested account address with her phone number. He can use that address to send funds to Alice, without her having to specifically communicate her address to Bob.

The `Attestations` contract records all attestations of a phone number to any number of addresses. That for example could happen when a user loses their private key and wants to map a new wallet address. However, it could also happen through the collusion of a validator with Alice. Therefore, it is important that clients of the identity protocol highlight possible conflicting attestations. 

> Some risk exists for attestations to be added without the without the permission of the "legitimate" owner of the phone number. One such risk is that the phone service provider or [SIM swap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SIM_swap_scam) attacker could take control of the phone number and complete a number of attestations. Another risk is that a sufficient number of Attestation Service providers may collude to complete fake attestations. Notably, completing malicious attestations does not lead to a loss of funds, as the private key is still the necessary and sufficient condition for transactions of an account. However, without proper care, future senders may be tricked into sending funds to the newly associated address. In general, then number and age of attestations for an address, should be taken into account to identify the valid owner of a phone number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some risk exists for attestations to be added without the without the permission of the "legitimate" owner of the phone number. One such risk is that the phone service provider or [SIM swap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SIM_swap_scam) attacker could take control of the phone number and complete a number of attestations. Another risk is that a sufficient number of Attestation Service providers may collude to complete fake attestations. Notably, completing malicious attestations does not lead to a loss of funds, as the private key is still the necessary and sufficient condition for transactions of an account. However, without proper care, future senders may be tricked into sending funds to the newly associated address. In general the number and age of attestations for an address should be taken into account to identify the valid owner of a phone number.
```
